When will get our certificate
Whether all the selected participants of theme will get certificate or only the teams selected for finals will get certificates
Sir, will the certificates be provided only for the finalista or to all the participates of stage 1?
Good morning sir! As we were held up with our college work we were unable to ship back the kit.Now what should we do to get the certificates? Team id:4012
When we are going to receive the certificates? and tshirt if possible.
Upload the video now on portal by today midnight for certification. We are continously asked to fill NOC/NDA Etc..but we didn't get NOC Certificate,and as discussed above we even checked in our spam box,so how can we get all those certificates now?
Dear sir, We were mentioned that we would be given completion certificate.But we haven't recerived it till date.And also since our semesters have ended, we have gone home, can u please mention the tentative dates when we will receive them so that we could inform our college
Respected Sir/ Ma'am Our team id is #NT-1762. We have not received any notification about our certificates. I would request you to confirm the status of the same.
regarding certificate Hello It is stated in the portal that, we are eligible for the letter of participation. We haven't recieved it yet. Also, are we eligible for eyantra goodies? Thank u for ur time Appreciate it. Team id NT #164
I received the certificate but it is in my father's name and not mine. Rest of my team members have received correctly spelled certificates. Please advise
we had participated in the competition but somehow we fail to enter in task 2. we had completed the previous task. Do our team get the certificate of participation.
Dear participants, We request all the participants who are eligible for cash prize and certificates to wait till end of April for their reimbursement.For the certificates, wait till end of May.Please DO NOT send us unnecessary request for reimbursement .If you do not receive your reimbursement by end of this month, you can send us the request on help-desk.
Please deliver the certificates as soon as possible as we have to show them in our college(Plz dont forget the goodies ).
We haven't received the certificates yes. Please look into the problem and let us know by when we'll be getting it. Our semester is ending and we are supposed to produce the competition certificate as a proof that we did work for the competition.
We haven't received the certificate and goodies yet either. 
One of the teams in our college have received their participation certificate along with their goodies but we haven't received our completion certificate yet.When will we receive it??
sir, we could not qualify in the final but we have been told of getting participation certifaciate and earlier it was mentioned of getting branded goodies,, sir plss we r eagerly waiting for our rewards.thanking u..
sir, we could not qualify in the final but we have been told of getting participation certifaciate and earlier it was mentioned of getting branded goodies,, sir plss we r eagerly waiting for our rewards. thanking u..
Every team in our college have received goodies and certificate except our team.Cc-#103
in the eyantra portal it was mentioned that our team is eligible for letter of participation. We were earlier told that we would get participation certificate. We had not completed the task but submitted the code and a video showing whatever we managed to do. Kindly clarify this at the earliest.
Dear sir, When will we be receiving our completion certificate?What will be the mode of delivery?Speed post ?And will we be receiving any goodies along with it??Thanking u
Sir, unfortunately we couldnt qaulify for finals , but when are we going to get our certificate and goodies?Will they be delivered to our home address?
We hope it was a good learning experience for all teams. We are constrained by various factors and hence can only call few best performing teams per theme for the finals. We appreciate efforts put in by all teams and have awarded certificates and letter of participation to teams depending on their performance.
WHen we will receive our completion certificate and goodies
we are very sorry for completing the task so late. But i have uploaded the code folder on portal. I m not able to upload the youtube link on portal as it  is showing error. I have mailed the youtube link on helpdesk. Please consider the request for certificate of participation and compleance.\Team id: MT#2575
Respected Sir/Ma'am, We unknowingly crossed the submission deadline of 5th March 2017. Till when exactly are we allowed to submit our video and do we remain eligible for the completion certificate?If yes, then till what date can we submit thet video? Regards, Team 1340
As the absolute deadline was march 5, we know we cannot make it to the finals but up to what date can we submit the task 5 video to get a certificate of completion or certificate of participation?
Respected sir unfortunately we couldn't complete the task on given date, but now we have completed it. Can we submit the solution for certificate of participation?? 
Respected Sir, We would like to know will we get a participation certificate if we have reached stage 2 irrespective of score if it is less than 70%. Our team id is lm#2447.Please do reply as soon as possible.We also haven't submitted video for stage 2.
Sir we have not yet received the certificates,but some teams from my class has received the certificates.what we do now sir?team I'd 2320 
Sir, Our team has strived hard for Stage1. Unfortunately we have not selected for Stage2. Please inform us about the participation certificate .
Sir, You had mentioned that we will be given certificates and goodies if qualified for second stage.But we haven't received any certificates or goodies along with the robotic kit? Will we get them separately ? Thanks
Sir, You had mentioned that we will be given certificates and goodies if qualified for second stage.But we haven't received any certificates or goodies along with the robotic kit? Will we get them separately ? Thanks
eYRC-CC#5257 Sir, Our team is eligible for participation certificate, when will our team receive the same?
sir, We have finished all modules except one in task1.We have done that section of task1 now but the deadline is over.You have said every section of task should be 70% or more.Since we havent done that one section, will we get the participation certificate??What will be the stage 2 selection criteria??Will it be same or will it be based on the overall stage1 tasks If we submit that one section of task1 now ,will it be considered for participation certificate??
Sir, for task1 ,we got 100% output for section1 and section2 ,but we were not able to finish section3 more than70% can we submit it now??
Our team id is eYRC-MT#4068 my mistake we have submitted a wrong image in the task 0 .So should we again submit it bearing the penalty of late submission or continue with the task 1 only.kindly tell us the marks dedcuction criteria for the wrong submission.
Sir, When will we be issued our participation certificates.? What is the procedure for returning the bot.?
Our team selected for finals at iit bombay and won the prize but we missed the eYSIP. shall we join in the next year eyrc?
Sir, By when can we expect the participation certificates?
are all the teams required to return the robot? if yes, please give the detailed information about this. when would we get the certificates for which we are eligible?
sir,we have submitted the code as well as video. We have just joined several clips as we could not complete whole task.You could see that in our code that we tried our level best but we could not accomplish task on time.Please take look at our code then please decide whether we are eligible for certificate or not.Our team id is eyrc 17.
Our team is eligible for participation certificate. Please let us know how and when will we recieve it
sir, we have submitted entire tasks but it is said there will be no certificate provided,and we have submitted video with penalty and we have given 420 marks and we are requesting to provide at least certificates
We know it is against the rules, but we would like to request you to atleast provide participation certificates to all such teams whose effort were wasted in the end due to hardware issues which couldn't be resolved just before commencement of task
Even, if you have a partial solution, we would still like to have a look at it. Your team, still stands in contention for certificates based on your cumulative performance. 
 we would also submit another video of the bot turning a block separetely just to show tat we have done that part. we just want to know whether we would be given atleast a participation certificate.
sir we haven't received any acknowledgement letter as per u said. So can we submit the handwritten acknowledgement letter signed by our college authority?
We have not received the previous year's(2014) e-Yantra participation certificates. Kindly ensure that we get those as soon as possible. the project was Weeding Robot .
I take this platform to raise the issue of improper certification scheme of the e-yantra committee. Moreover the tasks prior to task 6 were hard enough to demand a certificate of appreciation.Our team submitted all the tasks(upto task 5) with full enthusiasm prior to deadline to grab the peak position but due to unforeseen circumstances we weren't able to submit task 6. And then we realize that all our hardwork shall now go in vein as we won't be even certified for all the tasks submitted.
Dear Participants, Certificate status has been updated on the Portal. Please visit the score card tab on the Portal.
When will be the result for certificates be declared for the teams who didn't qualify for the finals ?
Sir, we were not selected for the semifinals. Will we get any certificate ?
All the teams that have qualified for Stage 2 of the competition need to upload a scanned copy of the No Objection Certificate (NOC) (printed on the college letterhead) and signed by the principal. All detailed instructions are available on the portal. The deadline to submit the NOC is 10th Jan, 2016.
There are total 400 teams for eYRC+. So how many of them are going to be selected?? Or the selection is theme-wise i.e. separate selection for PS1,PS2,etc?? please explain the selection process and eligibility for certificates.
eam submitting the task after the first 5 days of the deadline will be awarded a score of 0. But they can continue to learn and participate in the competition. Note that teams who have submitted all tasks in Stage1 and Stage2 satisfactorily are eligible for participation certificates.
Sir, its been June mid, still we have not got our certificates and goodies. I have also mailed help desk but no response from them. When we are expected to get the certificates, sir ?  
its been about? a month after we sent the bot back but still we haven't heard anything from eyantra about its delivery or about certificates????
We request all the participants who are eligible for cash prize and certificates to wait till end of April for their reimbursement.For the certificates, wait till end of May.Please DO NOT send us unnecessary request for reimbursement .If you do not receive your reimbursement by end of this month, you can send us the request on help-desk.
We have not received certificates till now . are we also eligible for Eyantra goodies ? Yes Sir, even we didn't receive any certificate. 
We have not yet received our certificate of participation.
how we will get the participation certificate
How can we track certificates
on the portal it is displaying that we are eligible for the certificate of completion, yet we have just received the letter of participation. When will we be getting the letter of completion?
We have successfully completed all tasks... And got 570 marks, but unfortunately we are not in the finals. Yet we are eligible for participation certificate only. Why can't we receive completion certificate. Even we have the same question. We couldn't execute the last task 100% correct but we still deserve a theme completion certificate.
Congratulations to teams shortlisted for Finals at IIT Bombay. Make sure you fill the travel details asap. Note that you are also allowed to make improvement in your software/hardware. We hope it was a good learning experience for all teams. We are constrained by various factors and hence can only call few best performing teams per theme for the finals. We appreciate efforts put in by all teams and have awarded certificates and letter of participation to teams depending on their performance.
SIr if we submit the task 5 now will we be able to get certificate of completion
I kindly request eyantra to provide the certificates asap as the placements are conducted soon.When can we gt our certificates sir?
Mam, When will the eligible teams receive participation certificate and e-yantra Goddies? What exactly goodies are? One of the team in college received only certificate but other teams didn't received anything. 
Sir, When will the eligible teams receive the participation certificate and e yantra goodies.
All teams that have qualified for Stage 2 will receive the certificates? or only the ones scoring more than 70%?
we have qualified for stage2,but have scored less than 70% marks in task2.So will  we be getting eyantra goodies?
Sir, When will we receive participation certificates and e yantra goodies.
Respected sir, We hav been shortlisted for stage 2. Does this mean tat we are eligible for participation certificates only after stage 2?
I want to know that till when can we submit the task to be considered for participation certificate.
respected sir,we hav obtained 40 marks in task 1 and due to the penalty incurred we are gettin 28.Due to this we are not getting 70% in the task.Are we eligible for the participation certificate?
If the code for task 2 is submitted after the last submission date is it possible to get the certificate of participation ?
Its been more than a month since we had submitted robot return acknowledgement and more than two months since the competition has ended, But still we hadn't received certificates or any instructions regarding certificates.
Hello Sir, my team is eligible for getting certificate so are we getting T-Shirts as well?
We want to know that when we will receive our certificates of Eyrc-2018 completion. Actually we are final year students and are going to join our jobs soon.So, it will be a great help if you provide us with the certificates as soon as possible so that we can use it in our resumes.
We have yet not recieved our certificates from E-Yantra . We have returned the bots to the college about 2 months back.
We had successfully completed all the rounds of the competition. It was just a question as to when will we receive the certification of completion as we have already delivered the robot.
we have submitted the acknowledgement of robot return to college in the portal also so please tell when we will get our certificates?
Sir, my team ID is SS#1755 and theme spotter Snake. we submitted our acknowledgement at mentioned date 27th April but we still don't receive any certificate.so Kindly look forward to us.
I have uploaded the Robot return Acknowledgement but i haven't recieved certificates yet.In the dashboard of E-Yantra,it shows your documents is under verification.I have attached the screenshot of the same.
Sir/madam, we have uploaded the robotic kit return acknowledgement long back. We haven't received the certificates yet. When can we expect it?
We are waiting for our certificates and wanted to know how and when will we get them? Please let us know about it at the earliest.
It's been a long time since we've uploaded a document that shows we've returned the kit to college. But, we're just curious to know when'll send us updates regarding dispatch of certificates ? 
We have already returned the kits to our college eyantra lab on 20th april and uploaded the acknowledgement on   26th April. But we haven't received the certificates yet. 
Sir, my team ID is SS#1755 and theme spotter Snake. we submitted our acknowledgement at mentioned date 27th April but we still don't receive any certificate.so Kindly look forward to us.
I had submitted the robotic kit to my college as mentioned on the portal and uploaded the acknowledgement signed by HOD about 10 days before,but it is still not verified. Please verify it and send us the certificates.