QUERIES	CATEGORY	REPLY
Whether all the selected participants of theme will get certificate or only the teams selected for finals will get certificates	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, will the certificates be provided only for the finalista or to all the participates of stage 1 ?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
Good morning sir! As we were held up with our college work we were unable to ship back the kit.Now what should we do to get the certificates? Team id:4012	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
When we are going to receive the certificates ? and tshirt if possible.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Upload the video now on portal by today midnight for certification. We are continously asked to fill NOC/NDA Etc..but we didn't get NOC Certificate,and as discussed above we even checked in our spam box,so how can we get all those certificates now?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Dear sir, We were mentioned that we would be given completion certificate.But we haven't recerived it till date.And also since our semesters have ended, we have gone home, can u please mention the tentative dates when we will receive them so that we could inform our college"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
Respected Sir/ Ma'am Our team id is #NT-1762. We have not received any notification about our certificates. I would request you to confirm the status of the same.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"regarding certificate Hello It is stated in the portal that, we are eligible for the letter of participation. We haven't recieved it yet. Also, are we eligible for eyantra goodies? Thank u for ur time Appreciate it. Team id NT #164"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
I received the certificate but it is in my father's name and not mine. Rest of my team members have received correctly spelled certificates. Please advise	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
we had participated in the competition but somehow we fail to enter in task 2. we had completed the previous task. Do our team get the certificate of participation.	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
Please deliver the certificates as soon as possible as we have to show them in our college ( Plz dont forget the goodies ).	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We haven't received the certificates yes. Please look into the problem and let us know by when we'll be getting it. Our semester is ending and we are supposed to produce the competition certificate as a proof that we did work for the competition.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We haven't received the certificate and goodies yet either. When will we receive it?	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
One of the teams in our college have received their participation certificate along with their goodies but we haven't received our completion certificate yet.When will we receive it??	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"sir, we could not qualify in the final but we have been told of getting participation certificate and earlier it was mentioned of getting branded goodies,, sir plss we r eagerly waiting for our rewards.thanking u.."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"sir, we could not qualify in the final but we have been told of getting participation certificate and earlier it was mentioned of getting branded goodies,, sir plss we r eagerly waiting for our rewards. thanking u.."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
Every team in our college have received goodies and certificate except our team.Cc-#103	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
in the eyantra portal it was mentioned that our team is eligible for letter of participation. We were earlier told that we would get participation certificate. We had not completed the task but submitted the code and a video showing whatever we managed to do. Kindly clarify this at the earliest.	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Dear sir, When will we be receiving our completion certificate?What will be the mode of delivery? And will we be receiving any goodies along with it??Thanking u"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, unfortunately we couldnt qaulify for finals , but when are we going to get our certificate and goodies?Will they be delivered to our home address?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
WHen we will receive our completion certificate and goodies	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
we are very sorry for completing the task so late. But i have uploaded the code folder on portal. I m not able to upload the youtube link on portal as it  is showing error. I have mailed the youtube link on helpdesk. Please consider the request for certificate of participation.\Team id: MT#2575	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Respected Sir/Ma'am, We unknowingly crossed the submission deadline of 5th March 2017. Till when exactly are we allowed to submit our video and do we remain eligible for the completion certificate?If yes, then till what date can we submit thet video? Regards, Team 1340"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"As the absolute deadline was march 5, we know we cannot make it to the finals but up to what date can we submit the task 5 video to get a certificate of completion or certificate of participation?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Respected sir unfortunately we couldn't complete the task on given date, but now we have completed it. Can we submit the solution for certificate of participation ? "	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Respected Sir, We would like to know will we get a participation certificate if we have reached stage 2 irrespective of score if it is less than 70%. Our team id is lm#2447.Please do reply as soon as possible.We also haven't submitted video for stage 2."	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir we have not yet received the certificates,but some teams from my class has received the certificates.what we do now sir ? team I'd 2320 "	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, Our team has strived hard for Stage1. Unfortunately we have not selected for Stage2. Please inform us about the participation certificate ."	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, You had mentioned that we will be given certificates and goodies if qualified for second stage.But we haven't received any certificates or goodies along with the robotic kit? Will we get them separately ? Thanks"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, You had mentioned that we will be given certificates and goodies if qualified for second stage.But we haven't received any certificates or goodies along with the robotic kit? Will we get them separately ? Thanks"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"eYRC-CC#5257 Sir, Our team is eligible for participation certificate, when will our team receive the same?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"sir, We have finished all modules except one in task1.We have done that section of task1 now but the deadline is over.You have said every section of task should be 70% or more.Since we havent done that one section, will we get the participation certificate??What will be the stage 2 selection criteria??Will it be same or will it be based on the overall stage1 tasks If we submit that one section of task1 now ,will it be considered for participation certificate??"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, for task1 ,we got 100% output for section1 and section2 ,but we were not able to finish section3 more than70% can we submit it now??"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, When will we be issued our participation certificates.?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
Our team selected for finals at iit bombay and won the certificate but we missed the eYSIP. whem we will get it	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, By when can we receive the participation certificates?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"are all the teams required to return the robot? if yes, please give the detailed information about this. when would we get the certificates for which we are eligible?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"sir,we have submitted the code as well as video. We have just joined several clips as we could not complete whole task.You could see that in our code that we tried our level best but we could not accomplish task on time.Please take look at our code then please decide whether we are eligible for certificate or not.Our team id is eyrc 17."	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
Please let us know how and when will we recieve certificate	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"sir, we have submitted entire tasks but it is said there will be no certificate provided,and we have submitted video with penalty and we have given 420 marks and we are requesting to provide at least certificates"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"We know it is against the rules, but we would like to request you to atleast provide participation certificates to all such teams whose effort were wasted in the end due to hardware issues which couldn't be resolved just before commencement of task"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Even, if you have a partial solution, we would still like to have a look at it. Your team, still stands in contention for certificates based on your cumulative performance. "	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
 we would also submit another video of the bot turning a block separetely just to show tat we have done that part. we just want to know whether we would be given atleast a participation certificate.	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
We have not received the previous year's(2014) e-Yantra participation certificates. Kindly ensure that we get those as soon as possible. the project was Weeding Robot .	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
I take this platform to raise the issue of improper certification scheme of the e-yantra committee. Moreover the tasks prior to task 6 were hard enough to demand a certificate of appreciation.Our team submitted all the tasks(upto task 5) with full enthusiasm prior to deadline to grab the peak position but due to unforeseen circumstances we weren't able to submit task 6. And then we realize that all our hardwork shall now go in vein as we won't be even certified for all the tasks submitted.	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Dear Participants, Certificate status has been updated on the Portal. Please visit the score card tab on the Portal."	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
When will be the result for certificates be declared for the teams who didn't qualify for the finals ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, we were not selected for the semifinals. Will we get any certificate ?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"There are total 400 teams for eYRC+. So how many of them are going to be selected ?? Or the selection is theme-wise i.e. separate selection for PS1,PS2,etc?? please explain the selection process and eligibility for certificates."	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
Team submitting the task after the first 5 days of the deadline will be awarded a score of 0. But they can continue to learn and participate in the competition. Note that teams who have submitted all tasks in Stage1 and Stage2 satisfactorily are eligible for participation certificates.	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, its been June mid, still we have not got our certificates and goodies. I have also mailed help desk but no response from them. When we are expected to get the certificates, sir ?  "	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
its been about? a month after we sent the bot back but still we haven't heard anything from eyantra about its delivery or about certificates????	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"We request all the participants who are eligible for cash prize and certificates to wait till end of April for their reimbursement.For the certificates, wait till end of May.Please DO NOT send us unnecessary request for reimbursement .If you do not receive your reimbursement by end of this month, you can send us the request on help-desk."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"We have not received certificates till now . are we also eligible for Eyantra goodies ? Yes Sir, even we didn't receive any certificate. "	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We have not yet received our certificate of participation.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
how we will get the participation certificate	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
How can we track certificates	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"on the portal it is displaying that we are eligible for the certificate of completion, yet we have just received the letter of participation. When will we be getting the letter of completion?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"We have successfully completed all tasks... And got 570 marks, but unfortunately we are not in the finals. Yet we are eligible for participation certificate only. Why can't we receive completion certificate. Even we have the same question. We couldn't execute the last task 100% correct but we still deserve a theme completion certificate."	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
SIr if we submit the task 5 now will we be able to get certificate of completion	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
I kindly request eyantra to provide the certificates asap as the placements are conducted soon.When can we gt our certificates sir?	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Mam, When will the eligible teams receive participation certificate and e-yantra Goodies ? What exactly goodies are? One of the team in college received only certificate but other teams didn't received anything. "	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, When will the eligible teams receive the participation certificate and e yantra goodies."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
All teams that have qualified for Stage 2 will receive the certificates ? or only the ones scoring more than 70%?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"we have qualified for stage2,but have scored less than 70% marks in task2 . So will  we be getting eyantra goodies?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Sir, When will we receive participation certificates and e yantra goodies."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Respected sir, We hav been shortlisted for stage 2. Does this mean tat we are eligible for participation certificates only after stage 2?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"respected sir,we hav obtained 40 marks in task 1 and due to the penalty incurred we are gettin 28.Due to this we are not getting 70% in the task.Are we eligible for the participation certificate?"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
If the code for task 2 is submitted after the last submission date is it possible to get the certificate of participation ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"Its been more than a month since we had submitted robot return acknowledgement and more than two months since the competition has ended, But still we hadn't received certificates or any instructions regarding certificates."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Hello Sir, my team is eligible for getting certificate so are we getting T-Shirts as well ?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"We want to know that when we will receive our certificates of Eyrc-2018 completion. Actually we are final year students and are going to join our jobs soon.So, it will be a great help if you provide us with the certificates as soon as possible so that we can use it in our resumes."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We have yet not recieved our certificates from E-Yantra . We have returned the bots to the college about 2 months back.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We had successfully completed all the rounds of the competition. It was just a question as to when will we receive the certification of completion as we have already delivered the robot.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
we have submitted the acknowledgement of robot return to college in the portal also so please tell when we will get our certificates?	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, my team ID is SS#1755 and theme spotter Snake. we submitted our acknowledgement at mentioned date 27th April but we still don't receive any certificate.so Kindly look forward to us."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"I have uploaded the Robot return Acknowledgement but i haven't recieved certificates yet.In the dashboard of E-Yantra,it shows your documents is under verification.I have attached the screenshot of the same."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir/madam, we have uploaded the robotic kit return acknowledgement long back. We haven't received the certificates yet. When can we expect it?"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We are waiting for our certificates and wanted to know how and when will we get them ? Please let us know about it at the earliest.	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"It's been a long time since we've uploaded a document that shows we've returned the kit to college. But, we're just curious to know when'll send us updates regarding dispatch of certificates ? "	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
We have already returned the kits to our college eyantra lab on 20th april and uploaded the acknowledgement on   26th April. But we haven't received the certificates yet. 	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, my team ID is SS#1755 and theme spotter Snake. we submitted our acknowledgement at mentioned date 27th April but we still don't receive any certificate.so Kindly look forward to us."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"I had submitted the robotic kit to my college as mentioned on the portal and uploaded the acknowledgement signed by HOD about 10 days before,but it is still not verified. Please verify it and send us the certificates."	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
When we will get our certificate ?	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"Sir, our battery is draining very quickly. Can we use battery of 2200mAh instead of 1500mAh battery?"	battery	You can use different battery
"We are facing critical issue with lm338. Our snake is functioning as desired for few minutes after that power delivered to the snake reduces. We thought maybe ic was malfunctioning, but we replaced them quite a few times, we tried distributing load to 3 lm338 ic's but proper functioning time only increases for few more minutes.  Is there any other team facing same issue?  We request instructors to help us figure out issue. Is it a hardware or software fault."	battery	there may be problem in IC
When Arduino nano is powered up by laptop the transmitter and receiver are working normally.But when it is powered by LiPo battery the radio.available() will always be true and no data will be received by the receiver module.Transmitter is working fine and there is no issue with the power supply as other codes are working fine.Can we please get some suggestions about this?	battery	Try using another battery
"ALL of the five drone batteries that we have been provided do not rise on full charge, and the drone falls on the ground before even attaining some height. This makes it impossible for us to tune the PID. Please respond ASAP because we can not proceed further with batteries like this"	battery	You would be provided with new batteries
"Dear Sir, We encountered an unpleasant situation regarding the drone. While charging the battery through the adapter (mobile charger) the battery got overheated; it was observed in due time and the connection was cut. Checking it later on the battery was working properly but the switch is not working. Now we've to disconnect the connections of battery and the drone to replicate the switch on process and disconnect the same to switch off. please Help!"	battery	you can change the switch there
"Initially only the left motor used to work, we thought it was a programming problem, but yesterday while testing and debugging it one of my team member pressed a capacitor which was near the right motor, after doing so the right motor started working. Sometimes the motor does stop again and pressing the capacitor does the trick. What to do about this situation."	battery	"it is hardware issue, we will replace it"
"We have 5 battery and none of them is taking height. When the battery is fully charged then it goes for few second and comes down and hops on ground. What is the problem is it battery or rpm of motor. Also when drone goes up, it bend toward one side and move across it. We are unable to solve this problem. Please help"	battery	"try with changing the batteries, if probelem persist then change the motor."
With different batteries drone is behaving differently when ever the battery is changed. Sir we have tuned the pid for task-3 and the drone was working fine but as soon as we changed the battery drone starts behaving randomly. What is the solution to this problem?	battery	use same batteries for specific task
We received the batteries today and after the first charge itself the battery has got bulged and the drone not taking off with it. 	battery	We would provide you with new batteries
"the drone can be operated at a good height for 50seconds, then it suddenly drops to a height of 0.5 feet, all the three batteries are causing the same problem, this occurred today, What to do?We previously did not ask for replacement."	battery	Try using new batteries
The new batteries we got were much smaller in size and hence it is not able to fit properly in the slot. The capacity of the previous batteries were 600 mAh and the new ones we got are of 380mAh.	battery	Build a proper slot for batteries
Following link can be used to obtain the tracking ids of the 22 teams that have requested battery replacement.	battery	Announcement
"Even at full charged battery when we give a throttle value, it goes up but in backward direction and then even when the code is sending the command to go right it doesn't go, it just goes up around 10-15cm and then rushes backward. We thought it was due to motors so we replaced the motors but the problem persisted then we replaced the propellers but this also didn't solve it. We calibrated it multiple times with different phones but still the problem persisted. Each time the calibrated values were good the pitch was 0 roll was 0 and yaw was around 3."	battery	Try using new batteries
"I charged all the batteries and then tried them ,the voltage readings are not proper after fully charging the batteries"	battery	Try using new batteries
"Have the batteries been dispatched?. If so, Please let us know the tracking ID. We have to inform our college about it. Team ID-CD#916"	battery	"Link is provided for tracking id, refer pinned announcement"
Centre of mass is shifted due to difference in weight/size of the new battery. Hence the drone wobbles.	battery	Build a proper slot for batteries
"Our drone goes above a height of 30 cm only for about 5 seconds on full charge, after that it starts to fall off and doesn't even go above 20 cm. This is by using the phone application and giving full throttle. Because of this we are unable to tweak the PID algorithm properly. This happens for all the batteries. What should we do?"	battery	Try using new batteries
"The drone works fine for a voltage of 4.2 with the set gains but the voltage starts dropping its behavior also changes and once it goes below 4 it does not take off only to a significant height and all these happens within 5-6 trials of tuning only, what is the solution to this problem? Also what is the hovering throttle range for pluto drone? "	battery	Please buy new batteries
"Except battery , can we use more quantity of other ec components or other ec components than given in the kit?"	battery	yes you can use those components given in  kit.
Can we use external battery source for transmitter or should we power it via laptop only?	battery	"yes, you can use external battery"
"What is the maximum time for charging the battery of plutodrone? It is given in the battery that the voltage is 3.7 v, but in the Pluto controller app we get voltage upto 4.1 v. What is the max voltage of the battery?"	battery	12V Yes you are allowed
"When we turn on spark V, the lcd display and white line sensors switch on for a few seconds, then they turn off and a few seconds later, the power LED goes off too. Multimeter gives the value of battery voltage as 6.06 V. So is the issue only with the battery or is there anything else?"	battery	Try using new batteries
i have connected spark v to batteries and turned it on and then connected to STK500V2 programmer and connected it to laptop. I am getting the error 'tty/ACM0': Permission denied and this device this there in the device list	battery	Refer to battery specifications
"In the Pluto Drone kit that we have received, two of the three batteries are not functional."	battery	You would be provided with new batteries
"After charging the batteries, we tested them using a multimeter. One of the batteries does not get charged, and its voltage level is stuck at 1.62V(an image is attached for your reference). The other battery did get charged to more than 4.0V once, but it is not able to power up the drone. At present we have only one working battery. Please help us out"	battery	try changing your adapter
how to connect li-po batteries to perf board or breadboard?	battery	do search on youtube
can we use two given battery one for microcontroller and other for L298 circuit only for hardware testing purpose for making video? can we prepared the board later? 	battery	Yes you are allowed
"we have received different components like batteries, Arduino, ICs, heat sink, heat tubes etc. can you provide any idea where to add them in the snake model so that we can modify design.. Is there any specific restrictions i should maintain?"	battery	yes you can use those components given in  kit.
how do we come to know the charging status or the percentage of charge left on the battery given with the Pluto drone.	battery	"Refer to battery specifications, use voltmeter"
Battery which we have received is dead (not working)	battery	You would be provided with new batteries
Should we design a separate mount for placement of the microcontroller and battery or just the brackets for this task?	battery	"yes , you have to "
"From morning we are using the robot and the battery is draining .We charged the robot in the evening and it's almost drained out.Now,we are unable to charge at 1AM .As we have only 5hrs to submit the task.We need to do more runs.After heating the battery surface(using external substance) it's not getting charged."	battery	Try using another battery
"Sir, Can we use extra 12V battery to drive the rover."	battery	"no , it is not allowed"
"On connecting the adapter to charging port and battery to battery port, green led glows for 2 secs and turns off, then bot is giving continuous 2 beeps (along with red led) in intervals of 1 sec. Battery is on low power too, what to do? "	battery	Try using another battery
"Sir, one cell in LiPo battery shows 0.05 V and isn't charging at all while the other one has overcharged to 4.2 V"	battery	Try using another battery
"We were using the laser from the 6v battery pack. After working 2-3 days fine, it heated-up and smelled then stopped working."	battery	Please buy new batteries
During charging green led is not showing continuous green signal.when we connect the charger it blinks one time and after that not showing green signal.	battery	Try using another battery
My battery is damage so from where I can get new battery.	battery	from store or try online
My battery is giving one long beep followed by two short beep on auxiliary power.what dose it mean?	battery	it is the indication of low battery
Our battery is become full charge and discharge in 5min. Is there any way so we can improve our battery life.	battery	Try using another battery
we are finding difficulty in powering up both Rpi and motors from battery. we are giving 2.1 A to Rpi and 1 A to motors but when both are connected Rpi wifi is not getting generated(wifi adapter is not getting powered).what is the possible solution for this ?	battery	write a different script
"we are using two 9V external batteries to power up BO motors. but both motors are not working at same time. we have tried power bank also, but only one motor is working at a time. so, what kind of power source we can use to power up both motors together efficiently."	battery	use Lipo 2200mah
"The battery gives a long beep, delay and repeat while charging, and after some time it begins to charge properly. It has happened in two instances with us. How to figure out this abrupt behavior of bot ??"	battery	it happens some time
"Our nodemcu was working fine before, but today when we were working with lipo battery and nodemcu to power the servos it suddenly stopped working. The board is not being recognized. It is also getting heated as we connect to PC. Please guide as to how we can solve this problem."	battery	Try using another battery
We are using 9v battery for driving motors but battery is draining out soon .so plz tell us can we use 12V rechargeable battery	battery	Yes you are allowed
"Sir, it was earlier mentioned by an Instructor that the power bank is enough to power the rover including motors, and the 6V battery casing will be used to power the Base station (Node_MCU, Servos and Laser). So what is the use of 7.4 V LiPo."	battery	you can use it also
"We are charging our battery first time, however, our battery is not low.  I am attaching a video link (google drive link) which showing the complete problem in charging the battery. Help us as soon as possible"	battery	try changing your adapter
"Yesterday robot battery got damaged. It wasn't charging initially. I googled it and found that after heating battery would charge. It works for me several time. Yesterday I was heating the battery, when I placed it in robot for charging. Nothing happens initially then smoke came from battery. I immediately removed the battery. Robot is working perfectly fine with auxillary power supply. Please help us.. provide the link where we can purchase it"	battery	from store or try online
"shall we use 6AA battery holder pack for powering dc motor...since we use rechargable batteries, it supply 1.2v per battery (4*1.2=4.8 which is less than 5v) "	battery	You can use auxillary power supply temporarily
After this i connected it for to the battery charger.later after half an hour there was rise in battery charges temp.	battery	its normal
"Will the logic level converter work if we supply 7.4 V instead of 5V as the servo motors will be powered by LiPo battery. Basically, will it convert Logic Level 3.3V to 7.4V"	battery	"yes , it will"
sometime battery is not charging. 	battery	try changing your adapter
"Battery was working just fine but today when we tried to charge it, it started giving a sequence of buzzer sounds which indicated towards 'Charge termination due to battery failure'. Though the battery is is working fine and the voltage output shown on the GUI is over 10V."	battery	NA
How to power Node MCU using Lipo battery (7.4v). 	battery	Refer Node MCU Datasheet
"when i connect the firebird V with auxiliary power and battery is detached, it is working but continuously giving one long beep followed by two short beeps after interval of one second along with blinking of red led. also when i try to charge the batteries there is no indication that battery is getting charged please help."	battery	try changing your adapter
When i switch on the robot it starts giving continuous beeps without any delay in-between ? Any expected problem or error ? Is battery dead or damaged 	battery	Try using another battery
"According to hardware manual, this is a sign that there is a problem with battery and must be replaced. Moreover i have received broken Sharp sensor and mailed at help-desk accordingly. Still waiting for reply and what actions to take."	battery	You would be provided with new batteries
"As said many a times in previous threads, the battery of the firebird V is not charging and we have tried all the method asked in the previous threads... "	battery	try changing your adapter
"We have tried everything as asked in the previous threads i.e. Keeping the batter under sunlight, or using the dryer over the battery, or keeping it under incandescent lamp... But all in vain..... Our battery is still not able to charge!! Please reply what to do now!!"	battery	buy new batteries
we have confirmed our acknowledgement and now we found that our robot is having battery problem. there is a confusion in the battery status indication section of the hardware manual	battery	buy new batteries
"while charging the firebird a long beep and two short beeps are coming one after other ""continuously"" and red light is blinking continuously. Please explain the problem and its solution."	battery	try changing your adapter
"When charging the battery of firebird V robot for the first time , it gives one long beep and green led turns on and then instantly it gives short beeps repeatedly along with the flashing of RED LED , According to the manual it is the case of charge termination due to overcurrent....What should we do to solve this issue..please help."	battery	Try using another battery
The hardware manual for Firebird V shows a 6 pin battery connector where the first pin (left) is shorted with the 2nd pin. The battery we've received has a 5 pin connector. Do I go ahead and connect this 5pin to the 6 heads on the firebird? What about the left most pin?	battery	"yes , you can"
"We have not received ""Battery protection Circuit"" in the given kit."	battery	you will recieve it shortly
"Sir I am feeling unwell with couph and fever, hence I won't be able to make it today."	others	
"due to swelling and infection  in eyes, because of continuous swelling. leave for tomorrow may or may not be required. "	others	
he suggest me to take rest of 3 days due to eye infection and swelling  so today i want to take rest. 	others	
Therefore I would like to take a leave on day. I come back at evening after competition in college. Kindly grant permission.	others	
"I am suffering from a severe stomach ache from the past 4 days,So I would need a leave of 2 days i.e 1/6/18(Friday) and 2/6/18(Saturday)"	others	
"We are 3 students(names listed below) of Sardar Patel Institute of Technology who have our Open-house on 25th May, 2018 at 2:00pm at our college in Andheri. Therefore we would like to leave by 12:30pm tomorrow. We can come early tomorrow for internship at 8:00am."	others	
As mentioned before I have a VIVA today and will be reaching by 1:00. Kindly Consider.	others	
My viva on 2nd june has been rescheduled to june 1. I will be reaching the lab at around 2 pm. Kindly consider.	others	
I will be arriving tommorow. When and where should I report for project allotment and other processes? 	others	
You will be allotted a project from a pool of several interesting projects being worked at in ERTS lab. Project allotment will be based on your technical expertise. 	others	
Can you please specify the information in brief with the time of availability of practice arena. As our date of the journey will be according to it.	others	
"We just want to know if we arrive IIT Bombay on 23 March after 11am, whether the sample arena that is proposed to be given for each theme for practice be available for us a day prior to competition i.e. 23 March or not?"	others	
"We have submitted our task-4, now what should be done next?Do we have a task5 or should we start working on the building of bots based on the rulebook."	others	
"Instructors, please let us know the dates for booking of flight tickets as per your schedule of FINALS."	others	
"The ESP8266 which was given to us is showing the following error suddenly from yesterday.There were no problems like this before, it was working correctly."	others	
Each member have to fill their account details on portal and only team leader have to fill the team travel details on portal.	others	
"The photos of the eYRC-2018 national finale will be available on the e-Yantra website latest by 10th April, 2018"	others	
will the competition start on 22nd March? In case we are not able to reach by morning on 22nd march will our team be disqualified?	others	
Do we have to use the same code that we uploaded or can we change the code at the final.	others	
We are having issues while testing the robot.As observed with GUI the robot's left wheel does not rotate in backward direction.	others	
The name of the shapes are overlapping on one another at a single point. How to resolve this?	others	
"Instructors, please let us know the dates for booking of flight tickets as per your schedule of FINALS."	others	
Using cv2.circle it either colors little of the black walls or if smaller radius is provides it leaves a boundary of white pixels like this.	others	
So should I make custom function for coloring the circle  or is it fine like that?	others	
"we used the obvious converter in openCV 'BGR2HSV' but it returns value of red as [  0 255 254], green as [ 60 253 255], etc... which is totally absurd! Please tell us the actual necessity of using HSV values, or that, can we use BGR values themselves? "	others	
when we are using match template followed by the appropriate functions. However the same code worked for different picture i.e. we downloaded a picture and cropped a part of it for the template.	others	
What should we put in the reference section?	others	
we are facing serious memory issues. And i think free() function dosent work! Can anyone please help me out on how to free memory? 	others	
"When we try to fill up the bank details, we get the following error written on page "	others	
We have to return to our college on 26 due to some reasons and so we need to know around when will the contest end on 25th?	others	
We have to book our tickets and wish to know the same.this is after i fill the feedback and click the submit button..	others	
How can I print float value on LCD using the library provided by eYantra ?How can I print float value on LCD using the library provided by eYantra ?	others	
"Instructors, please let us know the dates for booking of flight tickets as per your schedule of FINALS."	others	
"in cross the crator, to identify the boulder number we would use template matching, but what to do if the numbers the rotated? or will they be placed at a particular orientation?"	others	
"Do we have the choice of selecting the client/server from RPi/nodeMCU/PC.,Or do we have to make the nodeMCU as the access point and raspberry & pc "	others	
"The issue is that the dimensions are not 8 inch x 8 inch for all the cells as mentioned in rule book, the cell dimension for door area is roughly 7.5 inch x 8 inch and same is the case with the last row of the working area."	others	
The rulebook mentions that using extra sensors is strictly NOT allowed but it is ambiguous regarding actuators other than those supplied.	others	
Shall we start working on Task 5 according to the rulebook? Or there will be any specific instructions given for the same?	others	
We'll be travelling from Lucknow UP to Mumbai and to book our tickets we need a proper schedule of events.	others	
We are facing many difficulties regarding our time of arrival and stay.I have filled our arrival details according to our train tickets which are not yet confirm.	others	
s it possible for the teams to get accommodation in campus till 27 march so that they can see Mumbai because we don't go Mumbai frequently and we really want to visit some places	others	
Do we have to follow the rule book for attaching the fruits to the pipe or should we follow the picture given in the original configuration. They are both contradictory. 	others	
According to the rule book we should consider the fruit positioning by taking the first fruit towards the e yantra logo and then go clock wise.But in the diagram given to us the first fruit is placed away from the e yantra logo 	others	
we have to pick numbers from grid1 and deposit them on corresponding number in grid2. Can we pick 2 numbers at one go ?	others	
provided battery is not working so can we use auxillary power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
provided battery is not working so can we use power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
due to high current requirment for circuit our battery have burnt so can we use auxillary power supply 	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
our battery got damaged so so can we use power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
battery is not working anymore so can we use power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
battery stop working so can we use power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
due to battery failure can we use power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
our battery is not charging so what we can do	battery	try changing your adapter
batterry burnt due to heating so can we use power supply	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
"Respected sir/mam Our certificates have been delivered to wrong address under the, anybody from my college has received any such certificate nor opened it."	certificate	The address was exactly the same to which the robotic kit was sent during the competition.
"Respected sir/mam Our certificates have been delivered to wrong address, so please send them again please verify the address"	certificate	The address was exactly the same to which the robotic kit was sent during the competition.
Are we eligible for letter of participation ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
Are we eligible for certificate ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
Are we eligible for participation certificate ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
when will we get certificate	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"regarding dispatch of certificate , when will we get certificate"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"regarding dispatch of certificate, when will we receive our certificate"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"we have retuned our bot to the college but still we have not receive certificates ,when will we get certificate"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"we have retuned kits to the colllege, uploaded acknowledgement but have not received certificates"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"we have retuned kits to the colllege, uploaded acknowledgement and document under verification have not received certificates, when will we get our certificate"	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
Our certificates have been delivered to wrong address	certificate	The address was exactly the same to which the robotic kit was sent during the competition.
Our certificates have been delivered to incorrect address	certificate	The address was exactly the same to which the robotic kit was sent during the competition.
"We haven't received certificates yet on our college address, are they been delivered to wrong adddress"	certificate	The address was exactly the same to which the robotic kit was sent during the competition.
"We have not received the certificate , please check the address"	certificate	The address was exactly the same to which the robotic kit was sent during the competition.
When would we receive the certificate ?	certificate	We will send you the participation certificates at the earliest possible. We look forward to your participation in the upcoming edition of e-Yantra Robotics Competition.
"I have completed stage 1 , I just wanted to know m I eligible for letter of participasion or not"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
"I have completed stage 1 , I just wanted to know m I eligible for certificate or not"	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
May I know about the eligibility criteria for certificate ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
May I know about the eligibility criteria for letter of participation ?	certificate	"Check the portal for eligibility, if eligible you will receive certificates and goodies by end of month"
The batteries provided are not working 	battery	we will provide you with new batteries
The batteries provided are not working 	battery	try new batteries
battery is not charging 	battery	change your adapter
batteries are not charging 	battery	change your adapter
We would like to use auxillary power supply are we allowed to do so ?	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
"my firebird bootloader is not working , i am unable to upload my program in it"	others	
firebird servo motor is not working	others	
spark servo motor is not working	others	
my spark bootloader is not working	others	
Drone is not working	others	
"As our battery is not working , We would like to use auxillary power supply are we allowed to do so ?"	battery	you can use new batteries or auxillary power supply
where to buy new batteries	battery	from store or try online
from where I can buy new batteries	battery	from store or try online
The output voltage of the batteries is not as per requirement	battery	Try using new batteries or use auxillary power supply
The output voltage of the batteries is quite less	battery	Try using new batteries or use auxillary power supply
The output voltage of the batteries is not upto mark	battery	Try using new batteries or use auxillary power supply
We haven't received the new batteries yet	battery	You would be provided with new batteries in few days
When would we receive new batteries ?	battery	You would be provided with new batteries in few days
When would we get new batteries ?	battery	You would be provided with new batteries in few days
I am receiving excess current warning while battery charging. I tried using a dryer to warm up the battery for 30 minutes but the problem is not fixed. What should I do ?	battery	Try warming with heater
Firebird starting showing low battery error. We put it on charging. The buzzer beeps for one second and remains off for one second. Red led also behaves in the same manner. Please help	battery	Try using new battery
The raspberry pi is not able to provide enough current to the motors.. So can we use an additional usb hub though which we can supply voltage for motor driver directly from power bank?	battery	"In case of problem, external supply is allowed"
"After the robot is connected with battery and adapter, and adapter to the mains for charging, as the adapter is switched ON , the robot indicates to have entered in battery charging mode, as green LED turns on along with one long beep two short beeps , robot is working fine on auxillary power , are we allowed to use auxillary power ?"	battery	"you can use auxillary power supply, but during finals you have to use battery"
Bot properly Works on adaptor but not on battery	battery	"try new batteries , if batteries not charging try changing your adapter"
battery is not charging 	battery	"change your adapter , or try using new baterries"
battery is not charging with adaptor	battery	"change your adapter , or try using new baterries"
5V 2A output for is not sufficient for the raspberry pi and bo motors. can we use an extra power source for bo motors? and even bo motors are too slow they are around 60 rpm	battery	"Auxillary supply is allowed, external supply is allowed in case of motors"
Current is insufficient for motors	battery	"Auxillary supply is allowed, external supply is allowed in case of motors"
current supplied by board is not sufficient for motors	battery	"Auxillary supply is allowed, external supply is allowed in case of motors"
current supplied by board is insufficient for motors	battery	"Auxillary supply is allowed, external supply is allowed in case of motors"
Current is not sufficient for motors	battery	"Auxillary supply is allowed, external supply is allowed in case of motors"
The battery provided are not working properly	battery	try  new batteries
"The robot does power on connecting the battery. When the adapter is connected as the Battery Charger Mode, the battery is charging without any problems"	battery	"Make sure you are connecting the adapter in aux pwr socket, Switch should be in AP mode"
"Batteries provided are not working , would we get new batteries ?"	battery	we will provide you with new batteries
where to buy new batteries ?	battery	you can order new batteries online
where can we buy new batteries ?	battery	you can order new batteries online
where can we find new batteries ?	battery	you can order new batteries online
where can we buy new batteries	battery	you can order new batteries online